1. when a user search for a specific plant it must be filtered from available plant database using only the name and scientific names.
2. add a tag near the scientific name in different colors according to use case like (Food,Mdicine,etc..) and allow users to add tags when they add new plants to the database
3. when user tries to add an already added medicine and if there are eany changes in it, allow it
4. save changes button won't work when adding new plants
5. use transparent color tags
6. change the color of text inside the plant tags to a lighter dark gray
7. add unique colors to different colors
8. for every plants the primary uses para should be limited to 5 lines and to expand full paragraph add a drop dowm left alligned to primary uses linefor every plants the primary uses para should be limited to 5 lines and to expand full paragraph add a drop down right alligned to primary uses line
9. add the read more button after the end of para
10. change the primary "uses" topics color to a matching color in the designchange the "Primary uses" topics color to a matching color in the design
11. use black instead of that color
12. change bold to font weight medium
13. reverse the previous change and change font weight to medium only for the "Primary uses"
14. add fade in animation to smooth out opening and closing
15. add the same transition when hiding all panels too
16. change font weight inside tags to regular
17. change it to medium
18. alignment of the items in the page gets disaligned when the transition takes place
19. hide the scroll bar slider
20. change the websites hero section to be centrally aligned
21. revert the previous change
22. change the alignment of the main pages elements to middle align
23. revert the previous change and when the website loads srilankan plant finder and search bar with all elements should be middle aligned and when a user clicks view all element should transition to top to give place to the content
24. smooth out the transition
25. change the alignment of add new to previous location and smooth out the transition when using hide all
26. add all used prompts in this session to a prompts1.txt file
27.give a short and unique creative description for this webpage